Hello
Dad?
Yanyan's Enmity
I want to hug
All those who bullied him
I want them to
desperately resist
The house is mine
We got divorced.
You are a famous house in Sichuan
Hahaha Lu Mingchen
You can't run away
The police can't wait
Ali tiger
Wife, you are also for the sake of our husband and wife
Please forgive me.
I apologize to you for this round thing.
Hahaha
Apologize, okay?
If you bring grandpa back to life, I will accept your apology.
Otherwise
Just go talk to the police
Hahaha Ali
I was wrong. I was wrong. I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
You forgive me, I don't want it.
I was young.
I don't want to go to jail
I don't want to go to jail. Okay.
Can I give you another chance?
Why are you helping me?
You now have two options
Or take me hostage
You have another biological wife
Or at least decades in prison await you
You choose one.
Don't come over!
Come again and I'll kill him